.TH UNIX-TOOLKIT 1 "May 2026" "unix-utility-suite 1.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
unix-toolkit \- GUI launcher for Linux system utilities
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B unix-toolkit
.RI [ OPTION ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B unix-toolkit
opens a Zenity-based launcher for common Linux utility tasks.
It includes system information, media launching, file search,
Debian/Ubuntu package updates, PDF opening, a calculator, process
termination, CPU scheduling simulation, systemd service management,
and network throughput monitoring.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --launcher
Open the full toolkit launcher.
.TP
.B --system-info
Show system information.
.TP
.B --media-player
Open a media file.
.TP
.B --file-search
Search files by name or pattern.
.TP
.B --system-update
Run Debian/Ubuntu package updates.
.TP
.B --pdf-viewer
Open a PDF file.
.TP
.B --calculator
Open the calculator helper.
.TP
.B --process-manager
Open the process manager helper.
.TP
.B --scheduling-simulator
Open the CPU scheduling simulator.
.TP
.B --service-manager
Manage running systemd services.
.TP
.B --network-monitor
Monitor network throughput.
.TP
.B --version
Print version information.
.TP
.B --help
Show help text.
.SH REQUIREMENTS
The toolkit requires a graphical Linux session with Zenity.
Some tools also use xdg-open, systemctl, sudo, apt, and a terminal
emulator such as gnome-terminal or x-terminal-emulator.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/bin/unix-toolkit
Main launcher script.
.TP
.I /usr/lib/unix-utility-suite/
Compiled helper executables.
.SH AUTHOR
Shivam
